---
title: "WFS Concert x Suitman Jungle x Newtoy x Mark Eaglen"
thumb: "/image/suitman.jpg"
tags:
---

Friday, December 2, 2022 19:30 21:00

[BOOK TICKETS
HERE](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/wfs-concert-x-suitman-jungle-x-newtoy-x-mark-eaglen-tickets-446515478817
"link to eventbrite webshop")

A+E Lab Central Boiler House, Historic Dockyard Chatham Chatham, England, ME4
4TE United Kingdom (map)

Discover specially made composition for spatial sound technology, Wave Field
Synthesis System by Suitman Jungle x Newtoy x Mark Eaglen!


**Artists:**

**Suitman Jungle**

Suitman Jungle is a creation of percussionist Marc Pell. It’s a survival manual
for those who live in a capitalist society, delivered via a jungle and drum &
bass aesthetic, utilising live drums, voice and electronics. Begun on the
streets of L.A.’s Hollywood Boulevard busking next to Captain America, the show
received Arts Council England funding to create theatre shows at The Roundhouse
and Canada Water Theatre (produced by nabokov, directed by Sam Bailey). It
went-on to tour Croatia’s Hospitality On The Beach (Hospital Records), Germany’s
Off The Radar and France’s Albi festivals, as well as UK dates supporting Goat
Girl (Rough Trade). Suitman Jungle’s album ‘Liquid Lunch’ (Tape Club Records)
was released in 2019 but the project has dropped many other remixes, singles and
EPs since, primarily via Bandcamp and Slow Dance Records. Suitman Jungle hosted
a 24-hour livestream fundraiser at the height of the UK's first lockdown to
raise just under £1,000 for London venue The Windmill, to which he and so many
bands cut their teeth at. Suitman Jungle’s second album will be released in
2022, alongside a soundtrack to Half A String’s upcoming theatre show ‘Breathe’.

<https://open.spotify.com/artist/1wq4UUFpd7vv6EmBjDYvMH>

**Newtoy**

Newtoy aims to develop art events that invoke curiosity and intellectual
discourse. They create situations where the artists and the audience members,
expand their idea of what is possible in the intercourse of fact and fiction.
They provide a range of experiences which result from artistic merit, are based
in human perception, emotion and focus on ones' personal relationship with the
collective and personal subconscious, individuality and existence. Started by
Joel Cahen in London in 1998 as a cover and framework for his musical
activities. In 2002, Newtoy began several series of music and mulit-disciplinary
art events in London. Events which included sometimes up to 50 artists in one
show involving performances, theatre, installations, video, music and sound art.
Music sessions at The Foundry (2001 - 2006). The Wormhole Saloon at The
Whitechapel Art Gallery (2005-2006), Evil Art at Gallery 291 (2002 - 2005).
These developed into experiential works like Wet Sounds, underwater listening
experience in swimming pools; Scrap Club, public Destructivist activity;
Cacophony, multichannel sound in libraries and a long series of radio shows; and
Interzone Theatre, augmented reality theatre and geo-locative sonic fictions. In
2019 they began the We're All Bats project which started as a commission from
Waltham Forest London borough of culture 2019 delivering workshops activities
and events all over the borough, and continued with the help of the DCMS Culture
Recovery Fund to become The Listening Arts Channel, delivering free online
workshops activities and masterclasses focused on Listening.

<https://www.newtoy.org/>

**Mark Eaglen**

Mark Eaglen is a multi disciplinary artist exploring relationships of Art,
Science, Technology and Nature. An active engagement with experimentation
informs evolving works that often employ traditional processes alongside
developments in technology and scientific discovery. His works have been
exhibited nationally and internationally with key developments kindly supported
and enabled by the Arts Council of Wales through residencies, solo and group
exhibitions. This has resulted in works longlisted and shown in the
International Emerging Artist Award in Dubai, the Lumen Art Prize, Ars
Electronica and the Aesthetica Art Prize, with work published within the Future
Now 100 artists anthology selected from over 3500 entries. He is cofounder of
studioMADE with Angela Davies, a cross disciplinary studio and gallery space.
Alongside his artistic practice, he has maintained an active role within Arts
education for over fifteen years, lecturing on a range of undergraduate courses.

[www.markeaglen.com](http://www.markeaglen.com/)

__Please note:__

Concert length is subject to change closer to the time as artist finalise the
work during their residency. 

Age recommendation: 7+

A limited allocation of concession tickets with a 25% discount are available for
the following:

- recipients of Universal or Pension Credit

- full-time students

- under 16s

Concession-priced tickets are sold on first-come-first-served basis, and once
sold no further tickets are available by any method of booking. Concession
prices may not be applicable on top price tickets for certain events. Please
note discounts cannot be combined and you will be asked for suitable
identification. Book ticket
